## Data 
The data is restricted to a time frame of 2003 - 2018. The data was taken from the "data.world" website (https://data.world/datadavis/nba-salaries) and originally scraped from "basketballreference" webpage. The quality data is good, some missing values are present, however, there's not much possibility of systematic measurement error. Apart from removing the missing values, all the players who were on a payroll for less than 5 seasons were dropped from the dataset. The aim is to deal with random extreme observations, and establish a minimum base for comparison. The aim of the model is to compare players whose salaries are different due to performance metrics not due to the lack of time spent in the NBA.   
In addition only, players who played a 100 (approx. 1 season) or more games while being under contract are qualified for the analysis. The reason is to exclude the possibility of extreme values due to lack of games played (e.g. 100% made free-throw shots over 20 games). The objective is to model average salaries on efficiency, by comparing players that are similar in some statistics but differ in terms of compensation. In order to conduct the analysis more effectively controls such as the number of games played and the draft in which a player was drafted were included. The table and figure below outlines the descriptive statistics and distributions of the aforementioned variables. 
* Raw - raw data of NBA salaries and player performance stats from 1985 to 2018
* Clean - clean data, used for the original analysis and robustness check 
